Hi Team,
I Rajesh Kumar , writing here to escalate the hiring process that i had faced during the entire month since (1st July, 2019).

I had cleared all the rounds including onlie test ,technical, managerial and IBM internals test.

I am really disapponited with the hiring process in IBM, 

Let me summaraise , i had been interviewed and seletcd on 1st July with my biometrics done on the smae day. Post selection i have been asked for the Manger round for technical stuff which happned within a week and the Salary discussion also happned on the same day.

After that IBM sent some links which i had completed within a week, post that i have been asked for some documents verification.

But there was no communication after that except IBM default mail stating waiting for approvals to release the offer.

I droped multiple email asking for my candidature status where i had been communicated that your offer is in progress but before that there would be one more technical round, and the reason was told that erlier somne Junior had taken the interview and now some senior technical guy will take interview, I agreed. As i remember the guy who had taken my first round of interview was not a junior as the profile is present in linkedIn, I know the name but its not ethical to reveal the interviewer name here. 

I believe this second round of interview was conducted post clearence off all the rounds including IBM internals even after my all discussion happned in the managerial round.

Yesterday when i escalated after contious followup with no response, i had been communicated that i have not cleared Learning and Agility test thats why the offer is not released. i have a question here, so if this was the case then why i was interviewed for the second round of interview ?
you guys could communicate this earlier as well that your learning and agility test is not cleared and we can not procced further. 

This was totally unacceptable that you are giving foolish execuses for rejection and I am mentally harassed after enaging me the entire months in your Hiring process. i had never experienced this kind of harasment in any renowned organisation and I was not expecting this from IBM.

My pupose of writing here is to provide the feedback and to advise recruiter so that they communicate immedatly if any of the candidate fails to clear their process.

Kindly don't take it personel.

